README.md, before:

# Whitehouse.gov Redirect Chrome Extension

On Jan 20th 2017, the contents of whitehouse.gov under the Obama administration
were migrated to obamawhitehouse.archives.gov. However, links and google
results were not updated, resulting in links failing.

This is a simple chrome extension that tries to redirect if the current
whitehouse.gov returns a 404.

# How to run as a developer

1. Clone the repo or download the zip

    > git clone https://github.com/liyanchang/whitehouse.gov-redirect.git

2. Open the Chrome extensions page at chrome://extensions

3. Turn on `Developer Mode`

    The `Developer mode` checkbox in the upper right hand corner should be checked.

4. Load the extenstion

    Click `Load unpacked extension` and navigate to the repo and click select.

    ![Final result](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/328073/22409746/ee64ae78-e65c-11e6-9741-d8c777a0c699.png)

5. Try it out:

    - https://whitehouse.gov/administration/eop/ostp/nstc/

6. If you make modifications to the code, click `Reload` for Chrome to refresh
   the extension.

Commit message:

Add Chrome Store link to Readme; Typos

README.md, after:

# Whitehouse.gov Redirect Chrome Extension

On Jan 20th 2017, the contents of [whitehouse.gov](https://www.whitehouse.gov)
under the Obama administration were migrated to the National Archives and
hosted at [obamawhitehouse.archives.gov](https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/).
However, this resulted in broken links and unusable Google results.

This is a simple Chrome extension that tries to redirect if the current
[whitehouse.gov](https://www.whitehouse.gov) returns a 404.

## Install from the Chrome Web Store

You can install this from the [Chrome Web Store
here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/whitehousegov-archive-hel/bcllkdmaebllgfjplpjkdaaekpjnhmka).
Click `Add to Chrome` to install.

## How to run as a developer

For those of you interested in contributing and running this extension as a
developer, you can do so with the following instructions. Pull requests
welcome!

1. Clone the repo or download the zip

    > git clone https://github.com/liyanchang/whitehouse.gov-redirect.git

2. Open the Chrome extensions page at `chrome://extensions`

3. Turn on `Developer Mode`

    The `Developer mode` checkbox in the upper right hand corner should be
    checked.

4. Load the extension

    Click `Load unpacked extension` and navigate to the repo and click select.

    ![Final
    result](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/328073/22409746/ee64ae78-e65c-11e6-9741-d8c777a0c699.png)

5. Try it out:

    - https://whitehouse.gov/administration/eop/ostp/nstc/

6. If you make modifications to the code, click `Reload` on the
   `chrome://extensions` page for Chrome to refresh
   the extension.
